Separate ibis server by programming language (#619)
Canner/wren-engine: ibis-server/README.md

### Docker
- Build the image: `just docker-build`
- Run the container: `just docker-run`

### Modeling Core

> The modeling core is written in Rust and convert to Python package. You can find the [wren-modeling-py](../wren-modeling-py) and the source code in the [wren-modeling-rs](../wren-modeling-rs) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modeling core is written in Rust and provides the Python adaptor. You can find the [wren-modeling-py](../wren-modeling-py) and the source code in the [wren-modeling-rs](../wren-modeling-rs) directory.
```
How about this?
